const sections = {

  profile: `
HOW I UNDERSTAND YOU
Subtitle: Observations, not assumptions

I want to tell you how I see you, not the version you perform, but the one you live as.

At your core, you are someone who values consistency, loyalty, growth, peace, and honesty.
You don’t chase attention.
You chase meaning.

You’re not driven by noise or validation.
You’re driven by the need to feel grounded, like what you’re doing makes sense.

What drains you most isn’t work or effort.
It’s feeling misunderstood.
It’s having to explain yourself when you already chose your words carefully.

You get tired when people assume instead of asking.
When they overlook the thought you put into things.

What makes you feel safe is simplicity.
Clear intentions.
Knowing where you stand with someone.

You relax when you don’t have to perform or prove anything, when you’re allowed to just exist.

You don’t love loudly.
You love reliably.

You show love by being present, by staying.
You don’t always say everything you feel, but when you commit, it’s not shallow.

One thing you underestimate about yourself is how grounding you are to others.
You think it’s “nothing” when you listen, when you stay calm, when you don’t overreact.

It’s not nothing.
It’s rare.

You carry responsibility naturally, not because you want praise, but because leaving things undone feels wrong to you.

And I need you to know this:
I don’t see you as someone who needs fixing or improving.
I see you as someone who needs to be understood, and valued as is.

This is how I see you.
I hope one day you see yourself here too.

Happy Birthday.
`,

  birthday: `
HAPPY BIRTHDAY

I’ve been thinking about how to say this in a way that feels true and not overdone, and I realized the simplest way is probably the most honest.

I’m really grateful you were born.
Not just because you exist in my life, but because of how you exist.

The way you think.
The way you notice things.
The way you care quietly, without needing credit.

You make the world feel a little steadier to me.

I hope today you feel appreciated in ways that don’t require you to perform or be anything extra.
You don’t need to impress anyone today.
You don’t need to carry anything.
You’re allowed to just be — and be celebrated for that.

I hope this year is gentle with you.
I hope it brings you clarity where you’ve felt uncertain, and peace where you’ve been carrying too much in your head.

I hope you grow not because you’re lacking, but because you’re curious and capable.

You deserve good things.
Not someday.
Not after you “figure everything out.”
But now.
Exactly as you are.

I want you to know that knowing you has been a gift for me.
There are small moments in my days that are better simply because you exist somewhere in the world — thinking, building, becoming.

So today, I’m celebrating you.
Your mind.
Your heart.
Your presence.

Happy Birthday, love.
I’m really glad this year of your life includes me, and I hope you feel how special you are — not just today, but every time you come back to this.
`,

  capsule: `
DO NOT READ TODAY

This message is not for your birthday.

It’s for a day when things feel heavier than usual.
Open this when you’re tired of being the strong one.
When you’re questioning yourself.
When things aren’t moving as fast as you hoped they would.

I want you to remember something very specific.

There is a version of you that I know deeply — the one that exists when you’re not trying, not proving, not holding it together for anyone.
That version of you is enough.

You don’t have to be more accomplished, more confident, more certain to deserve care or love.
You don’t have to “get there” first.

You already matter right where you are.

I know the weight you carry quietly.
I know how much thought you put into things you never get credit for.
I know how hard you try, even when you pretend you’re not trying at all.

And if you ever forget that, let this message remind you:

Someone sees you clearly.
Someone believes in you without conditions.
Someone is proud of you — not for what you achieve, but for who you are.

Come back to this when you need it.
`,

  story: `
A CHARACTER STUDY

He wasn’t the kind of person who needed to fill every silence.
He understood that some things were better left unspoken.

He moved through life with a quiet awareness, noticing shifts in tone, in rooms, in people.
He remembered details others forgot.
He carried responsibility like second nature.

Not because he was asked to.
Because he cared.

He had a steady way of being — not flashy, not dramatic.
The kind of steadiness that only shows its value when things start to fall apart.

People underestimated him often.
They mistook his calm for simplicity, his restraint for distance.

They didn’t see the thought behind his choices.
The effort behind his patience.
The strength it took to stay kind in a world that rewards noise.

He stayed when leaving would’ve been easier.
He listened when speaking would’ve been safer.

And somewhere along the way, one person noticed.
Not because he demanded attention, but because his presence changed the air around him.

That was enough to make him unforgettable.
`

};

function openSection(key) {
  document.getElementById("content").textContent = sections[key];
}